so a couple of days ago a guy named
Chris was detained here in Baltimore
right here the cultural center light
rail station well all he was doing was
taking video of trains
it was his hobby why should you be able
to do that
that's your store so why don't you have
any fine posting difficult day I cannot
serve sir can it work I'm on public
property and I'm just minding my own
business here waiting for the train to
come take me to visual what you guys
gonna trade gets here you're not going
to leave I am I being be to you yes you
are PA to think the best is not over the
rest is for are being deployed okay so I
just want to take the opportunity to
talk about the cops and tuscaloosa right
after the tornado our Second Amendment
right is the right to bear arms and so
we had some looting so I'll show you
what the police down there did Chris was
detained here in Baltimore but in
Alabama the cops actually encouraged us
to use our weapons to defend our place
they able to with a Maglite all link is
what I'm having to do is I'm getting it
about right there pushing down you know
pushing that I'm pushing that round I
said and to the yeah I get the lip for
snap it in sweet
pretty cool when I called the police
chief and said hey what's the deal if if
I've got some video do I need to blot
out the faces or anything like that
he said no use anything you have that's
pretty impressive so he's actually
encouraging me to use my rights that
wasn't the case with Chris so I hope our
country is going more towards the
direction of Liberty than the opposite
dress that's it I hope you realize that
if you don't use your freedoms they'll
go away
or the around there okay here you go
I tried that in 1759 Benjamin Franklin
said those who would give up Essential
Liberty to purchase a little temporary
safety deserve neither liberty nor sake
all right man y'all get set up down here
now yeah man
and where your relative motion is going
I'll show you what you get stay totally
stationary as a body I can move his body
and pretty much any direction